Peppa and her friends are
playing at Rebecca Rabbit's house.
Let's play hide and seek.
We'll all hide and Peppa can find us.
Ok ,one two …..
Everyone must find a
hiding place before Peppa counts to 10.
Danny and Candy are
hiding in the branches of a little tree.
Zoe, Pedro and
Rebecca are hiding behind a fence.
Susie and Emily
are hiding behind the bush.
….Nine, ten! Ready or not, here I come!
I know where you are!
Oh!
Peppa cannot find anyone.
This is impossible!
Freddy fox is come to play.
Hello, Freddy!
Hello, Peppa!
What are you doing?
We are playing hide and seek.
But I cannot find anyone.
Should I find them for you?
You can try but it's impossible.
Watch this!
Found you!
Oh! Hello Freddy.
Aha there you are!
Oh!
Boo!
Freddy fox has found everyone.
How did you do that?
I am good at smelling.
What's smelling got to do with it?
I can find you by sniffing your smells.
I am not smelly. I had a bath last night.
I know. You smell nice.
Oh.
I could even find you with my eyes closed.
Go on then.
Find Susie with your eyes closed.
Easy!
Hide, Susie!  One, two….
Susie is looking for somewhere to hide.
Three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Ready or not, here I come.
Freddy is looking for
Susie with his eyes closed.
He is sniffing where Susie has walked.
Round the tree,
behind the little bush and back up the hill.
Found you !
Oh!
All thanks to my nose..
It is a super-Nose.
Yes, it is!
Has everything got a smell?
Oh yes, everything has a different smell.
What do I smell of?
You smell of
flowers on Walentine Boots. ???
What do I smell of?
You smell of wet grass and biscuits.
Bananas and jam.
What do I smell of?
Milk and fish fingers.
Pedro, you smell of toothpaste.
What is your favorite smell?
Eggs
What is the
worst thing you have ever smelt?
Blue cheese.
Pooh wew.
It is nearly dinner time.
How do you know?
I can smell carrot soup.
I can smell carrot soup, too.
And me!
Dinner is ready.
Come and get your carrot soup.
Everyone is enjoying
mommy rabbit's carrot soup.
This soup is yummy.
Who can that be?
Mr Fox is coming to take Freddy home.
Um. Oh, I can smell dinner.
Oh, Mr Fox, hello!
Hello, mommy rabbit.
Hello, dad, I've just
had my dinner down a rabbit hole.
Good lad.
And can you guess for what's for pudding?
Smells nice.
I'd say strawberry jelly.
That's right.
Mr Fox loves smelling things.
Everyone loves smelling things.